A minimal UNIX kernel project for x86 PCs
-----------------------------------------
Author: John Tsiombikas <nuclear@member.fsf.org>

License: GNU GPL v3 or any later version published by the free software
    foundation. See COPYING for details.

About
-----
When the editor of the Linux Inside magazine asked me to write for his newborn
magazine, I leapt at the chance to start a series of introductory articles on
kernel programming.
For this reason I started writing a minimal, UNIX-like, operating system kernel
from scratch. It's not complete yet, but it already has user/kernel protection
levels, a virtual memory system with copy-on-write, processes, task switching,
etc.

The articles themselves (only in Greek at the moment unfortunately) can be found
at: http://nuclear.mutantstargoat.com/articles/kerneldev/index.html


Compiling & Running
-------------------
To compile kernel image (kernel.elf) just type make (or gmake, if your default
make tool is not GNU make). A script called "run" is supplied that will use qemu
to run the kernel in a virtual machine.

If you wish to boot up the kernel on your computer you need a multiboot
compliant boot loader like GRUB. Since you probably already have GRUB installed
if you're running a GNU/Linux distribution, just add an entry to the GRUB config
file (commonly /boot/grub/menu.lst) similar to this one and reboot:

title My kernel
root (hdX,Y)  # where X is the disk number and Y the partition (first being 0)
kernel /path/to/kernel_code/kernel.elf    # change this to the actual path

In case you are using GRUB 2 instead of the original GRUB, you'll have to
consult the documentation on how to modify the above into the GRUB 2 syntax.

Disclaimer
----------
All programs contain bugs, and this sample code will undoubtedly have its share.
Running buggy kernel code on the real machine is very dangerous and may result
in data loss or even damage to your computer in extreme cases. The author
assumes no responsibility for any such eventuality. Run this code on your
computer at your own risk.

Contact
-------
For any comments or suggestions regarding the articles or this supplemental
code, please contact me at nuclear@member.fsf.org
